title: 'Ecological Premium|算法竞赛入门习题|UVaOJ-10300'
tags:
  - '10300'
  - UVaOJ
  - 算法竞赛入门习题
id: 1117
categories:
  - 算法/数据结构
date: 2013-11-11 23:00:36
---

# 题目

[Ecological Premium](http://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=com_onlinejudge&Itemid=8&category=94&page=show_problem&problem=1241 "Ecological Premium")

# 时空限制

Time limit: 1.000 seconds

# 题目描述

German farmers are given a premium depending on the conditions at their farmyard. Imagine the following simplified regulation: you know the size of each farmer's farmyard in square meters and the number of animals living at it. We won't make a difference between different animals, although this is far from reality. Moreover you have information about the degree the farmer uses environment-friendly equipment and practices, expressed in a single integer greater than zero. The amount of money a farmer receives can be calculated from these parameters as follows. First you need the space a single animal occupies at an average. This value (in square meters) is then multiplied by the parameter that stands for the farmer's environment-friendliness, resulting in the premium a farmer is paid per animal he owns. To compute the final premium of a farmer just multiply this premium per animal with the number of animals the farmer owns.

# Input

The first line of input contains a single positive integer n (<20), the number of test cases. Each test case starts with a line containing a single integer f (0<f<20), the number of farmers in the test case. This line is followed by one line per farmer containing three positive integers each: the size of the farmyard in square meters, the number of animals he owns and the integer value that expresses the farmer’s environment-friendliness. Input is terminated by end of file. No integer in the input is greater than 100000 or less than 0.

# Output

For each test case output one line containing a single integer that holds the summed burden for Germany's budget, which will always be a whole number. Do not output any blank lines.

# Sample Input

3
5
1 1 1
2 2 2
3 3 3
2 3 4
8 9 2
3
9 1 8
6 12 1
8 1 1
3
10 30 40
9 8 5
100 1000 70

# Sample Output

38
86
7445

# Soure

UVaOJ - Frank Hutter

# 解题思路

根据条件列出等式，化简可得最终结果是累加a*c

# 我的代码

[code lang="cpp"]
#include &lt;iostream&gt;
using namespace std;
int main()
{
    int T;
    cin &gt;&gt; T;
    while(T--)
    {
        int f,a,b,c;
        int sum = 0;
        cin &gt;&gt; f;
        while(f--)
        {
            cin &gt;&gt; a &gt;&gt; b &gt;&gt; c;
            sum += a*c; 
        }
        cout &lt;&lt; sum &lt;&lt; endl;
    }
    return 0;
}
[/code]

[warning]
作者:Aem
本文版权归作者和www.aemiot.com共有，未征得作者本人同意之前，请勿将本文内容用于任何商业用途。 欢迎非商业用途转载，但请在明显位置注明本文作者和出处链接，否则我们保留追究法律责任的权利。
[/warning]